【评分任务】IELTS Academic Writing Task 2（议论文）
【题目原文】
In a number of countries, some people think it is necessary to spend large sums of money on constructing new railway lines for very fast trains between cities. Others believe the money should be spent on improving existing public transport. Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

【考生作文】
For many people around the world, the preferred method of transportation is high-speed rail. Commuters travelling to and from work rely on the safety and efficiency, whill tourists appreciate the convenience and novelty that trains provide. Others believe that highways, busses and regular trains should be improved before new, high-speed lines are added.

Safety is cheif among concerns for those who travel to work or school on a regular basis. If one drives a car, they have to concentrate on the road not only to avoid accidents but also to prevent other drivers from causing a problem on the road. High-speed rail allows the commuter to leave the driving to the professional controlling the train, allowing them to get some work done while getting to work safely.

In addition, people tend to move further and further away from city centres, where land and houses are more affordable. High-speed rail allows these commuters to travel greater distances in a shorter ammount of time. There is a flow-on effect here, because if we can reduce the number of cars on the road, we can also cut down on traffic jams and road delays.

On the other hand, high-speed trains are expensive, and some believe this money could be spend on repairing motorways which are used by cars, busses and motorcycles. Another possibility would be to use this money to build more regular commuter trains and busses to service the ever-expanding urban populations. Moreover, boats and ferries could benefit from a budget which focuses more on existing forms of transport.

In the end, public transport is an issue which affects us all. The taxes which we pay should be spent on the type of transport which will have the most benefit to all citizens. In addition, we need to take into account how much the environment is damaged by fossil fuels and pollution. Therefore, I believe in order to move forward, we need to embrace the idea of high-speed rail so that future generations can continue to live safely and efficiently.

【输出要求】严格输出 JSON（不要 markdown 代码块），格式：
{"scores":{"TR":x,"CC":x,"LR":x,"GRA":x},"overall":x,"reason":"每项一句话依据（中文）"}
x 为 0-9 的分数，可带 0.5。Task 1 若图表缺失，TR 按作文内部数据一致性保守评估。
